[THEME MUSIC]
>>Hello.
This is Michael Tellinger.
And our journey of
discovery continues
where we talk about Ubuntu
and contributionism,
when we learn knowledge
from ancient civilizations
that we can put to
use for humanity
and our future, that
utopian, beautiful future
that most of us have
imagined for ourselves
and for our children and for the
future of this entire planet.
And we look at the
Hollywood messages encoded,
the subliminal messages encoded
into some of the biggest
movies made in Hollywood, the
so-called blockbuster movies,
busting the block of
our consciousness.
And the first,
most obvious movie
that we need to look at,
because we've already measured,
we've determined that there
is this invisible matrix
around the earth, this energy
grid that is being kept up,
most likely with our own energy
source, with our own sound
and energy from human
beings, as the movie
"The Matrix" tells
us very clearly.
And now that we know that
there's this binary code energy
field around our planet.
So let's look at the encoded
subliminal messages--
not that subliminal, actually--
very much in your face, when
Morpheus explains to Neo
what the Matrix is all about.
>>Let me tell you
why you're here.
You're here because
you know something.
What you know, you can't
explain, but you feel it.
You've felt it your
entire life, that there's
something wrong with the world.
You don't know what
it is, but it's
there like a splinter in
your mind, driving you mad.
It is this feeling that
has brought you to me.
Do you know what
I'm talking about?
>>The Matrix?
>>Do you want to
know what it is?
The Matrix is everywhere.
It is all around us, even
now in this very room.
You can see it when you
look out your window
or when you turn
on your television.
You can feel it when you go to
work, when you go to church,
when you pay your taxes.
It is the world that has
been pulled over your eyes
to blind you from the truth.
>>All right, so here
we have the Matrix.
The Matrix is a system.
And can you see how most of us
are so inured, so hopelessly
dependent on the system that
we are prepared to defend it?
You realize that
most of us, those
that are unconscious, those
have not yet woken up,
those have not
become enlightened,
those that don't yet know
enough information, are there.
And we're on a daily basis
protecting the system that
is enslaving us.
This is what we need
to get out of people.
This is part of the very
critical enlightenment process
that we have to go through.
So this is where you also see
spirituality and consciousness
meeting with science
and knowledge
of ancient civilizations.
And we find a
wonderful crossroads
and a transitional phase
that we go through,
this spectacular moment of
release of fear and frustration
and anxiety and anger when
we find our own moment
of enlightenment.
And what I tell you,
what I have found,
is that every single one of
us has their critical moment,
has their trigger point,
every single one of us,
no matter how poor
or how rich you are.
There is something that'll
be your trigger that
will make you go looking
for more information.
So if those around you that
are still not waking up,
you feel not
enlightened, don't worry.
Don't stress about it too much.
Don't force it.
Don't push them,
because when you
push people, when you try to
give them too much information
too soon, people go back
into the logger mentality.
They get scared and
they get fearful
and they don't want hear--
I don't want to hear,
don't want to see.
So let's not do that.
Let's be gentle when we share
this information with those
around us that are not
yet fully aware or awake
and that might be scared
and frightened by this.
So what else does Morpheus
tell Neo about the system?
He tells him that it's a slavery
system, that Neo is a slave.
Let's have a look at this.
>>What truth?
>>That you are a slave, Neo.
Like everyone else, you
were born into bondage,
born into a prison that
you cannot smell or taste
or touch-- a prison
for your mind.
Unfortunately, no one can
be told what the Matrix is.
You have to see it for yourself.
>>One of the greatest examples
in the Hollywood blockbuster
movie exposing the
control and the elite
and those behind the
manipulation of humanity,
manipulation of the money and
the gold is "The Wizard of Oz."
When Frank L. Baum first
wrote this, the book in 1900,
he was the son of an oil baron.
And he clearly was
privy to information
that most children at his
time were not privy to.
And he decided to spill
the beans, if you want to.
And he encoded all this
beautiful information,
amazing information,
into his famous book
that has been made several times
into Hollywood blockbusters.
So let's explore what
"The Wizard of Oz"
is actually telling us.
Well, the wizard-- remember
wizards cast spells
with branches of the Hollywood
tree, the wood of a holly tree.
So already there's an
interesting connection.
The Wizard of Oz--
well, what is Oz?
Oz stands for ounces,
ounces of gold.
OK, so we dealing with
those wizards in society
that control gold.
And it is the yellow brick
road that leads in a spiral
to the wonderful wizard.
So it is the road paved with
gold, paved with bars of gold,
that leads to the
Wizard, who controls
the answers and the
gold of the world.
They control the world.
This is what the
movie is telling us.
And in the movie, we find
several interesting characters.
Well, the four main characters
or the five main characters
is the Scarecrow, the
Tin Man, and Dorothy,
who is the only living,
breathing human being.
And we find the Lion and
then the little dog Toto.
Let's have a quick look
what messages these five
characters give us, or
what is encoded in these.
First of all, Dorothy
is-- in the original book
Dorothy wears silver slippers.
And she's the only living,
breathing human being.
So there's a little bit of
deception going on in the movie
from the book.
But the silver slippers
tell us that human beings
were given silver to work with.
Silver was always the currency.
Gold never belonged
to the people.
Remember in previous
episodes, we
said that the gold always
belongs to the gods.
And somebody was in charge
of the gold for the gods.
Well, it's the wizards
of Oz on this planet that
were imposed or
selected by the gods
to take control over humanity.
We're going to talk about
that in much more detail
down the line-- those that
were appointed by the gods
to take control over
humanity and to control
the gold for the gods.
Humans were allowed
to use silver.
And therein, we have
an interesting expose
about humans and Dorothy
having silver slippers
and she is taking
the yellow brick road
to the castle and the
palace of the wizard who
controls the gold.
The other characters are
the famous Scarecrow.
Well, what is a scarecrow?
A scarecrow is made of straw.
That represents a strawman, a
legal fiction, a citizenship,
a person, the fact that the
straw man was not the human
but he wanted to be human.
He desperately
wanted to be human.
And he laments for being
recognized as being alive.
And I can't remember
if it was at the heart
that he was after, if it was
a brain that he was after.
But one of the two
characters was either
after a brain or a heart.
That just shows you what
they wanted is to be human
and not being reduced
down to pieces
of paper or legal fictions.
So the straw man represents
our legal fiction and our straw
man.
The next is the T-I-N, the Tin
Man, the Tax Identification
Number, showing us how we are
controlled as living, breathing
human beings, and how
the T-I-N is encoded,
the Tin Man is encoded into the
story that is woven beautifully
about the control of humanity.
The Lion, the roar of
the lion, the beast
that controls humanity.
But actually the
lion is a coward.
When he gets exposed, he
is a coward and he hides.
But he hides behind the roar.
That's what this
lion represents.
So the encoded messages
in this are spectacular.
And when they find
the wizard, they
see the big wizard
hiding behind a screen.
But when the dog, Toto,
goes around and sees
it's just a human being.
It's not a monster.
It's not a big wizard.
It's not a scary guy.
It's just a guy
pretending to be scary
and controlling, with bells and
whistles and smoke and mirrors.
And they expose the
wizard for being a fraud.
And this is exactly what it is.
And Toto, incidentally, if you
haven't figured that out yet,
Toto is the Latin word for
"totality," "in total,"
exposing the wizard
totally that he's a fraud.
And so we realize that
the movie "Wizard of Oz"
exposes the fact that
those who control the gold
are controlling the world
with bells and whistles
and smoke and mirrors.
They are running the show
through controlling the gold
and it's all a big scam.
And we have not figured out
that they don't have the power,
that their roar is not so
powerful and not so scary,
because they can be exposed.
Remember we are
the 99.99%, those
that control this planet,
who have for some reason
taken control and
maintained control
and lied and
oppressed and tortured
and killed for the sake of
their control have been exposed.
And this is what we refer
to as the global elite.
How and where they come
from is an interesting story
that we're going to touch upon.
And that takes us to
this thing called money.
All of this is all
about the money.
If we can't deal with
the issue of money,
we will never deal with
the problem on this planet.
And this is a very
important thing.
Some people constantly try
and find an excuse for money.
They say things like,
money is just an energy.
Money is just a
tool of exchange.
Money is just that.
And it's the love of money,
not the money itself-- wrong.
All of those sentiments are
completely and utterly wrong.
And you'll find that it
is all about the money.
It is not the money
itself that matters,
because the money
really has no value.
It is a tool of enslavement
that's been imposed on humanity
and controlled by the wizard.
The wizard who
controls it is those
who have the exclusive
right to create and print
the money for our governments
and for the planet.
Those are using the money
as a tool of control.
They can create as much money
as they can on a daily basis.
These individuals,
these royal bloodlines,
these banking families
can create as much money
as they want.
It's not about the money.
It's about using the money
as a tool of control.
The wizard of Oz-- that's
what this is all about.
So we have to deal with
the money issue, people.
And it's for this reason
that I call this the money
thing has become a holy cow.
Because you can attack Jews.
You can attack Christians.
You can attack Muslims,
Hindus, Buddhists.
And you know what?
You'll probably have some
friends that will support you
in your arguments.
But the moment you attack money,
people literally go crazy.
And I've seen this over an
11-year period of talking
about a world without money.
The moment you say this to
people, some people almost
physically go into convulsions.
They go, what do you mean,
a world without money?
Well, how are we
going to do things?
How are we going to buy stuff?
Without money, they'll
be no progress.
There's no incentive for
anyone to do anything.
Can you see how dumbed
down and manipulated
we've become over
thousands of years,
of this slow, methodical
infiltration of this nonsense
into our lives?
This is what's become of us.
We believe that we cannot
survive without money.
This is why we have to
deal with the money issue.
Until we've dealt with the money
and how it controls every crack
and crevice of our
existence, we'll
never get out of the matrix
and enslavement system
that is being imposed on us.
One of the biggest lies and
the most devious and dangerous
sugar-coated poison pill that
has been imposed on humanity
is capitalism-- capitalism and
this thing called democracy
and the idea of competition.
Competition is the
most evil thing
that's ever been told
to us, from the earliest
time that we grow up and
we start going to school.
We get exposed to the
concept of competition.
You have to compete
against others.
You have to be
top of your class.
You have to be the best
this and the best that.
And if you don't get to the
top, how you're going to-- it's
always this competition to
get to the top of the pile.
Well, what happens when you
get to the top of the pile?
Somebody else is going to try
and knock you off the top.
So clearly, this thing
called competition,
it is not a win-win situation.
If it's not good for
everyone, it's no good at all.
Competition is the
antithesis of that.
And democracy is this
falsified, nonsensical system
that's been shoved down
our throats to say, oh,
we live in democracy.
That's not democratic,
and so forth.
Democracy was built on
the backs of slaves.
Democracy is just
a bullying tactic.
There's 49 of us and 51 of them.
And because it's
51 of them, they're
going to have it their
way and screw the 49%.
That is not a solution.
That creates more division
and a bigger problem.
So please understand, the
democracy is part of the lie
and the conspiracy against us.
Capitalism, the use of
money to drive democracy,
to feed and set up this whole
structure of competition that
creates a corporate
hierarchy or structure,
that leads to
compartmentalization,
the hiding of information,
the hiding of knowledge
and discovery for the
benefit of corporations
at the detriment of everyone
else on this planet.
So it is for the
benefit of the few
at the cost and
expense of the many.
That's what competition does.
It is a control system.
Through competition,
we achieve nothing
except control
over our resources,
control over everything we
do, control over our lives,
control over what we think,
control of what we may say,
where we may go.
That's what competition does.
It is a system that
leads to scarcity.
That's what competition does.
Because everything we
do, everything we create,
everything we build,
everything we invent
gets controlled by corporations.
They'd use it for their benefit
against living, breathing
human beings.
They keep scarcity
as the main driving
force to keep the
corporate structure alive.
So what do we do with this?
We need to change this around.
And it's this tiny
little flip of the mind.
All we have to do is change
the concept of competition
into cooperation and
collaboration, and everything
changes.
We go from a world of scarcity
to living in a world where we
create so much abundance, we
cannot imagine that in this
world and our lives
as we live today,
in this world controlled by
capitalism and controlled
by scarcity and
controlled by competition.
The whole competition
aspect is just unbelievable.
I just need to come back
to that a little bit.
And I was told by a
sports psychologist
recently at a workshop
here in the United States
that competition has
actually led to a big problem
within the sports industry,
where some of the teams that
have got stars that rise
above the rest of the team
are starting to do worse
than teams that work together
cohesively.
And this has become
a big problem,
to try and keep
everybody to cooperate,
to collaborate as a team and
not have individual stars that
think they are special and
they're better than everybody
else in the team.
So even in a competitive
area like sport,
you realize that competition
in the sense that
is imposed on us in the
capitalist and money-driven
society, that that
system doesn't work even
in the sport, where you've
go to work together.
You've got to work
collaboratively as one unit.
And this is really a
beautiful stepping stone
to understand that
only out of unity
can you create
infinite diversity.
Now, what does that what mean?
What do I mean by this?
Remember that
everything in creation
comes out of a primordial
source of resonance,
the creative force, the creative
source of sound and resonance
that brought
everything to creation.
So out of that one
source of unity
do you get an infinite
number of resonant, harmonic
resonant fractals that
have given us this thing
we call the universe
and everything in it.
So only out of unity
can you create all
have infinite diversity.
If you don't have unity
to start off with,
you cannot ever possibly imagine
that you can create abundance
or infinite diversity.
It'll be chaos and
conflict and destruction,
because you have dissonant
energies, dissonant resonances
that destroy each other,
energy waves that destroy
the energy that created it.
So this is once you
understand resonance--
and we've dealt with in great
detail in previous episodes--
once we understand the
concept of resonance,
it is a lot easier to
understand what this means.
Only out of unity can you attain
and achieve infinite diversity.
And this is what the philosophy
of Ubuntu and contributionism
is all about.
It's all about creating
infinite diversity.
Anything we imagine
or we set our hearts
on, we can create if we work out
of unity, a unified community.
So what I'd like
to suggest is we
start looking at our
communities like our bodies.
This is a beautiful example
of, only out of unity
can you get infinite diversity.
In our bodies, we have trillions
of cells that work together.
Each and every
cell in our body is
critically important to the
makeup of the whole community
of cells that we call our body.
And even when some
of these cells
become more specialized,
like becoming
the brain cells
or the liver cells
or the heart cells
or the skin cells,
they don't compete
against each other.
They don't try and get
oneupmanship over the other.
They work together for
the greatest benefit
of the whole body,
the whole community
of cells that makes up the body.
So in this is a
great example for us,
how we can look at
our communities,
treat our communities like
the extension of our bodies.
Millions of people
working together
for the benefit of
the whole community,
using their own skills,
their specialized
whatever it is, whether you're
a heart cell or a brain cell.
Whether you're a
carpenter or a scientist
or a teacher or a shoemaker,
you contribute and perform
a very important
task that benefits
everyone in your community.
And this is what we're going to
deal with in much more detail
as we unpack the simple
philosophy of Ubuntu
and contributionism, a whole
new social structure that
creates abundance beyond
our wildest imagination.
When you wake up in the
morning and you go down
to the kitchen for breakfast
and you're reading your paper
or doing what you normally do
and your daughter comes down
and she opens the fridge.
She takes out the orange juice
and makes some toast and cheese
and joins you for breakfast.
And your son comes
and joins you and he
has some coffee and
some Rice Krispies
or whatever the hell your son
likes to eat for breakfast.
And your wife comes
down and she makes
some scrambled
eggs and some bacon
and whatever your wife
eats for breakfast.
And you're all sitting as a
happy family, having breakfast.
At which point to you turn
to your wife and say, honey,
what did you have?
Was it bacon and eggs?
That's going to be five bucks.
And you turn to your
daughter and say, listen,
for that orange
juice and the toast
and the cheese, that's going
to be another six bucks to you.
And son, what did you have?
Corn Flakes or whatever?
That's going to be $3.50.
We don't do that, do we?
We work together as a unit.
We work together as a family.
We work together for the benefit
of everyone in our family.
So why is it that we change
when we leave our homes?
When you go to the
pub on a Friday night
and you're having a beer and
you meet some interesting people
and you invite them over
for a barbecue at your house
on Sunday, and they
come to your house
and you have the
meat on the barbecue.
And you say, how's
it going, John?
Welcome to my house.
And there's a fridge.
The beer's over
there in the fridge.
And come and join us.
And you're barbecuing, or as
we call in South Africa brining
the meat.
And you have a fun time,
drinking beer, having
a great time, swimming--
whatever-- at which point
do you turn to your friend
and say, oh, by the way,
it's going to be $100
for the afternoon.
We don't do that, do we?
You invited a complete
stranger into your home.
You shared your time, your
energy, your food, your drinks
with a complete stranger.
We are creatures of sharing.
We want to share.
We want to embrace
and include others.
We love to give.
We are by nature beings
of love and sharing.
And then something happens.
Monday morning comes,
we get into our cars,
we put in our suits,
we hit the highway,
and we become little monsters.
Suddenly, we have
no time for anyone.
Get out of my way, and the
road rage gets in our way
and we change completely.
Or, it's all about the money.
I don't have enough time.
Sorry, can't see you.
Don't have enough time.
It's all about the
money, chasing the buck.
And we go from these
beautiful, embracing,
loving beings on the weekend
to these little monsters that
are just chasing money,
trying to survive.
No wonder we're psychotic
and sick, because we
live these split lives.
We have completely
split personalities.
And this is what's
being done to humanity
over a long, long time.
We've been divided,
manipulated, compartmentalized,
separated from each other.
And this has all being done
through this thing called
corporations, the hierarchical
structure, capitalism,
and competition.
This is what we
have to overcome.
And we overcome this
very, very simply
by changing competition into
cooperation and collaboration.
These are the
fundamental principles
of Ubuntu and contributionism.
So when we get to this point,
we realize that we are not born
free on this planet, that we
cannot move around freely.
We cannot live
where we choose to.
And some people say, I'm free.
I've got free will.
I can do what I want.
People are completely
misguided about this.
Just because you can get in your
car and drive down to Florida
or drive to LA from New
OK it means you're free.
No, no, no.
These are some choices--
choices and options
that we've been
given on a platter.
You're not free.
You're completely and
utterly controlled.
Try and leave the United
States without a passport
and see what happens.
Try and move to Australia
and you see what happens.
We cannot move freely.
We cannot cross borders without
pieces of paper that have
to identify living,
breathing human beings.
And you realize that
the absolute control
system has been imposed on us.
We need passports
and work permits.
We have to follow rules.
How many of us signed an
agreement with our government
when we were born that we
will abide by the rules
and the laws imposed
on us at birth?
Not a single one of us.
And yet, at a specific
point in our lives,
suddenly these rules
get imposed on us.
And if we don't abide by
these rules, we get arrested.
We become unwanted
elements in society
and we become
enemies of the state.
Well, I didn't agree
to any of these rules
and these laws
they imposed on me.
So what does that mean?
That means that we are
completely enslaved.
We have to use money.
We have to work to earn money.
If we don't work to earn
money, or if we don't start
our own busyness
to earn this money,
we can't exist in this society.
And we become
enemies of the state.
Well, I wasn't born to
live this kind of life.
This is not what I hoped my
life would turn out to be.
And I believe that nobody was
born to live this kind of life.
Over 10 years, nearly 11 years
of sharing this philosophy
with thousands and thousands
of people around the world,
not once have I
found one person that
believes or says they're
happy with their life,
with the way their
life has turned out,
with the way the world
is going, with what
the government is doing.
And at this stage, we realize
that the government is not
our friend, that they are
powers and elite structures that
are imposed themselves
on every single one of us
and turned us into their slave.
This is the slavery system that
we've been born in-- completely
and utterly run by
money, enslaved by money.
And this is when
it becomes really,
really important to internalize
this important statement made
by the famous Austrian poet
and philosopher Wolfgang Goethe
when he said, "None are more
enslaved than those who falsely
believe they are free."
The emphasis is on "falsely
Many of us believe we are free.
We think we are free, because
we have options and choices that
are presented to us,
which are not freedom.
And we confuse freedom with
what is being presented
to us as enslaved
and caged freedom,
with a few options
here and there.
Our lives and our
societies have become
driven by brands,
corporations, careers,
and this thing called jobs.
A job is nothing
more than a slave.
You're in a slave system
while you have a job.
When the company that gave
you a job no longer needs you,
what happens?
They kick you out.
You're back on the street.
So a job is not a
solution for the problem.
A job is just a
temporary relief to make
you believe you're free, to
give you the tools and the toys
and the bells and whistles that
you think give you this freedom
to buy stuff with and
buy your happiness.
Well, very soon when
you lose your job,
and millions of us have gone
through this-- so have I--
when we lose our jobs, suddenly
our world collapses and we go
out looking for another job
because we cannot survive
without a job.
So a job means slave.
Every time you hear
a politician say,
we going to create a million
more jobs, all they're
telling you is we're going to
create a million more slaves.
So please read
between the lines when
politicians talk about
creating jobs and stimulating
the economy.
All these are words of
deception, lying to us,
deceiving us, taking us down a
path of more enslavement, more
creation of slavery systems.
We don't want jobs.
We don't want a
stronger economy.
The world "economy" is
based on economizing,
working with scarcity.
We don't want to economize.
We want to live in a
world of abundance,
where everything is available
in infinite number of amounts,
in infinite amounts,
because that's
what we are capable of as
living, breathing human beings.
We can create infinitely.
One apple tree does not
grow one more apple tree.
One apple tree seeds
thousands of apple trees.
This is what we are
capable of and much more
as living, breathing
human beings.
So what are we going to do
about this thing called jobs?
How do we get ourselves
out of the job mentality
and into a system of abundance,
from scarcity to abundance?
Ubuntu and contributionism
provides us
with a very simple and
eloquent transitional phase.
I'd like you to see this as
new, liberating information.
Please don't read
or look at the dark
and the depressing information.
Let's use the dark and
depressing information
to liberate us from this
enslavement and the slavery
matrix that we
find ourselves in.
And we have the solutions.
They are simple and eloquent and
applicable very, very quickly.
Just because it's
never been done
before doesn't mean it's not
possible and doesn't mean
it's going to take a long time.
I believe that to transition
into a world of Ubuntu
and contributionism,
a world of abundance
can happen in the
blink of an eye.
It is a revolution
of consciousness.
No more bloody revolutions.
The time for that has long gone.
Remember that with
the Ubuntu movement
and the philosophy
of contributionism,
we aren't opposing anybody.
We're not confronting anybody.
We don't want to fight anybody.
We want to create a new system.
And we are creating
a new system.
The good news is, we take
the system as being created,
use it for the
benefit of humanity,
and turn it around from a
negative, entangled, matrix
slavery system into a system
that empowers and liberates
people.
And this can happen
very quickly.
And over the next
few episodes, we're
going to unpack how to achieve
this state of abundance
and freedom for all of us
from the slavery system.
I'm Michael Tellinger.
Thanks for watching.